screenplay: philosophuy is sorcerery. Scene:
a dark room, robed man around a stone tablet. magical cave vibes. strange trinkets about,
papers, books, letters, smoking pipes and bottles. A paper with "¬∃x" scribbled on it is on
the center of the stone tablet.
Man 1: with an old and nerdy voice croaks out: If some 'thing only applies to elements within the domain of
every thing.... {he scribbles "∀x ( )" around the ¬∃x to form: ∀x (¬∃x)}
Man 2:
"yes of *course Williard" says a disappointed old german voice
1:
old nerd is cookin: "We could revise that statement! As: 'not everything... Is something!!'"
{he scribbles ¬∀x (∃x) (not for all x, ∃x) onto the paper}
Man 3:
A man bursts through the door: "oh no! stop this!"
Williard aka Man 1 aka
old nerd, is shouting now mad with excitement and anticipation: "Then, using De Morgan's Law!:
{as he writes ∃x ¬(∃x) (there exists an x such that not Ex) beneath. HE gasps, slumping over,
looking anxiously at the page. the exist signs have a brief spark, hardly noticeable, which the
old nerd notices, and now, whispering, he says (there exists an thing such that not a thing)
Man 2:
has been looking exasperated and honestly embarrassed for the guy who went through the
door.
Man 3:
they look at each other and..
Williard:
a cut to Williard's hand, who encircles the ∃x ¬(∃x). for a moment the screen goes black.

as it comes back from black, we see man 3, His face is wide eyed and full of fear
Man 2:
Looks confused but not afraid, like the lights got temporarily turned off
Williard: begins to become more excited, starting to stand and look up, as a kind of shimmer, like the
light flashing off of a knife, or phone camera, momentarily flashes in the air above the tablet and
in the center of the room.
Man 3:
"the analytic-synthetic" - he is cut off by 2.
Man 2, who is Rudolph Carnap just sighs, not believing any of it, and looks to Man 3. "Don't you know? The analytic-synthetic
distinction is not even the focus of my work. It pertains to analyticity in artificially constructed
formal frameworks!" - the lights go dark, after a moment there is a sound like two magnets
fizzling together.
Williard:
Above him in the center of the room, a growing darkness unravels itself. He is chanting now:
"for all its a priori reasonableness, a boundary between analytic and synthetic statement has
not been drawn!"
Rudolph Carnap
awareness dawns on him as he sees his student going too hard "god damnnit quine! I told you
arbitrary constructed (artificial) languages are" - he is cut off, there is an explosion, and the
sound of cups or coconuts coming togehter, like a clap or a clop, but with rocks
Williard Quine is shouting, doing classic wizard shit, arms raised in his mad commitment to his speech:
"That there is such a distinction to be drawn at all..."
Rudolph Carnap yells:
"I told you... not to take it personal!!!!"
Williard Quine is really yelling now:
"is an un-empirical dogma of empiricists!!!!!!!!!!!" and shit starts to go crazy when he finishes saying that

screaming {screen shakes}
Rudolph Carnap is shouting "control yourself quine! get the predicates!!!" {screen going crazy}
Quine is yelling "AHHHH" he grabs the paper from the table, and thrusts the paper he wrote into the
heart of the darkness, there is a spark -

"oh fuuuuu-" a quick flame -

and a giant explosion